Some addition regarding REST API (#80)
dr-dotnet/dr-dotnet: docs/manual/getting-started.md

## Using web app version - Kubernetes

> This is possible, but currently, the workflow is a little rough. We are working on making it easier. Please come back later :)
> 
> # Rest API
> 
> ## Context
> 
> There is an usecase of using DrDotnet via a REST API, such as automation. A quite common usecase is to be able to automatically trigger a profiling session when an issue is detected. For instance, if a metric reports a likely memory leak, a memory leak analysis can be triggered automatically immediately and analyzed later by developers from the UI.
> 
> ## Solution
> 
> ### Scope
> Only Web version of DrDotnet. Desktop version remains usable through UI only.
> 
> ### Endpoints
> - POST `/api/sessions` Start a new session
> - GET `/api/sessions` Return previous sessions
> - GET `/api/sessions/{guid}` Return session for given guid
> - GET `/api/sessions/{guid}/download` Return session reports as .zip for given guid
> - GET `/api/processes` Return list of processes available to profile
> - GET `/api/profilers` Return list of profilers available
> 
> In development you can launch the Web app and navigate to http://localhost:92/swagger to find the Swagger UI and an accurate and complete documentation of the API.
> 
> ### Configuration
> - `WEB_UI_ENABLED=false` or `--no-web-ui` arg will disable web UI (only REST API)
> - `REST_API_ENABLED=false` or `--no-rest-api` arg will disable REST API (only web UI)
>   Otherwise both are enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is possible, but currently, the workflow is a little rough. We are working on making it easier. Please come back later :)

# Rest API
DrDotnet Web also exposes a REST API. A quite common use case is to trigger a profiling session when an issue is detected automatically. For instance, if a metric reports a likely memory leak, a memory leak analysis can be triggered automatically immediately and analyzed later by developers from the UI.

## Endpoints
Here are the REST endpoints for consuming DrDotnet Web REST API:
- POST `/api/sessions` Start a new session
- GET `/api/sessions` Return previous sessions
- GET `/api/sessions/{guid}` Return session for given guid
- GET `/api/sessions/{guid}/download` Return session reports as .zip for given guid
- GET `/api/processes` Return list of processes available to profile
- GET `/api/profilers` Return list of profilers available

In development, you can launch the Web app and navigate to http://localhost:92/swagger to find the Swagger UI with accurate and complete documentation of the API.

## Configuration
The REST API is enabled by default, but it can be disabled through an environment variable or a CLI argument. The UI can also be disabled, for instance if you want to use DrDotnet exclusively for its REST API.
- `WEB_UI_ENABLED=false` or `--no-web-ui` arg will disable web UI (only REST API)
- `REST_API_ENABLED=false` or `--no-rest-api` arg will disable REST API (only web UI)
```
